Template: vidjil/reconfigure-webserver
Type: select
Choices: apache2, nginx, none
Description: Web server to configure automatically
 Any webserver can be configured to serve the vidjil webapp,
 however we only supply files for Apache2 and Nginx.
 .
 Please select the web server that you would like to be
 configured automatically for Vidjil.

Template: vidjil/restart-webserver
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Should the webserver(s) be restarted now?
 The changes will only be applied after restarting the configured webserver(s).

Template: vidjil/configure-startup
Type: select
Choices: init, systemd, none
Description: Startup system to configure automatically
 Vidjil Server uses a number of startup scripts to ensure the system will not be
 down after rebooting.
 .
 Please select which one you would like to use.

Template: vidjil/start-services
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Should the services be started now ?
 In some cases it may not be desirable to start services straight away.

Template: vidjil/web2py-password
Type: string
Default: VidjilAdm1n
Description: Web2py admin password:
 Please enter the chosen password to access the Web2py admin interface.

Template: vidjil/ssl-country
Type: string
Default: AU
Description: Country Code (2 letter code)
 We will now proceed to generate a temporary self-signed certificate.
 Please enter your country code.

Template: vidjil/ssl-state
Type: string
Default: Some-State
Description: State or Province (full name)
 Please enter your state or province.

Template: vidjil/ssl-locality
Type: string
Description: Locality Name (eg city)
 Please enter your locality name.

Template: vidjil/ssl-organisation
Type: string
Default: Internet Widgits Pty Ltd
Description: Organisation name (eg company)
 Please enter the name of your organisation.

Template: vidjil/ssl-section
Type: string
Description: Unit Name (eg section)
 Please enter the name of your unit.

Template: vidjil/ssl-name
Type: string
Description: Common Name (eg server FQDN or Your name)
 Please enter a common name.

Template: vidjil/ssl-email
Type: string
Description: Email Address
